Create a Dashboard using ReactJS + D3 Charts/Charts Js making use of the dummy APIs mentioned below (Feel free to take up any other dummy APIs)

Reference Dummy APIs :  Examples http://dummy.restapiexample.com/ 
https://reqres.in/


Implement the following solution :- 

 1.Change parent state from child. 
        I have state in home component. Home component is parent of Nav component. 
        I have passed the searchInput state to Nav component like props. And whenever user access the input, then i changed the state in home component
        for your reference 
        Home.jsx  - line no : 20, 26, 35
        Nav.jsx - line no : 7,18

 Use redux store and pass to child components

3. Loading API data in a component only once
        using UseEffect(()=>{},[]) hook to make the api call or render api data at only once
        for your reference
        Container.jsx - line no : 35

 4. Update a grid when adding a row without server call/ api refresh 
        I update a grid data whenever user adding the data without making the api call/ server call.
        for your reference
        program.jsx 

 5. Use scss for constant s in css 
        for your reference
        Container.scss,
        Dashboard.scss,
        Nav.scss,
        SideNav.scss

 6. Use css to change arrow direction in a drop down window when toggle happens
        I created a state which is for handle the arrow direction in SIdeNav component.
        for your reference
        SideNav.jsx - line no: 11, 50


 7. Show or hide a component depending upon state. 
        I created a state for handle the show and hide the component. Which is User component like conditional rendering
        for your reference
        Nav.jsx - line no: 8,30


 8. Render different components for desktop /mobile for different views
        My code renders Departments component for desktop and List component for Mobile screen using react-responsive package.
        for your reference
        Dashboard.jsx - line no: 11, 16, 45




Please acknowledge, if you are ready to take up the evaluation
 
